Add simple release note creation skill (#5813)
dotnet/diagnostics: .github/skills/release-notes/SKILL.md

```bash
# Correct: use the tag directly — git handles cross-branch reachability
git log <release-tag>..HEAD --oneline --first-parent
```

This ensures commits already reachable from the release tag (via snap merges or backports) are excluded.

### 2. Get the commit list

List all first-parent commits from the release tag to HEAD, excluding dependency flow PRs:

```bash
git log <release-tag>..HEAD --oneline --first-parent
```

Filter out:
- `[main] Update dependencies from *`
- `Update dependencies from *`
- Pure test infrastructure changes (test reorganization, CI image updates, SDK bumps)
- Build/CI plumbing (SDK updates, pipeline config, dependabot changes)

### 3. Investigate each PR

For each user-facing PR, launch **parallel explore agents** (one per group of 3-5 related PRs) to read:
- PR body (`get` method)
- Review comments (`get_review_comments` method)
- General comments (`get_comments` method)

Focus on:
- **What** user-visible behavior changed
- **Why** — what issue it solves, what feature it adds
- **Breaking changes** or UX surprises discussed in review threads
- Concrete examples (before/after output, error messages)

### 4. Write the release notes

> Follow the format used in previous releases (see `v9.0.661903` for reference). Structure:

Author: ```suggestion
Follow the format used in the latest release to get a sense of the current format used. For example, for `v9.0.661903` the structure follows the following pattern:
```
